
* P u z z l e t u b e *

1. About his game
2. How to play?
3. Compo4all
4. Custom music
5. How to contact?
6. Font license


[ 1. About the game ]

This game was made for the RIOT digital contest - a multi platform
game developing contest for different handhelds like the Openpandora,
Dingoo, Caanoo or Wiz.

It is written by Ziz and licenced under the GPL and MPL. You can get
the sourcode here: http://github.com/theZiz/puzzletube.

At the moment it is avaible for GP2X, Wiz, Dingux, Caanoo, Openpandora
and the GCW. Furthermore Linux and Windows PC.

[ 2. How to play? ]

This a a puzzle game like many others but this time on a tube. There are
3 game modes explained at beginning. In every mode you have to crush
stones. To crush a stone you have to move at least 4 stones of the same
color to a 2x2 square. This square, every attached stone of the same
color and stones on the other side of the tube with the same color will
explode and you get points. If there is a stone of the same color on the
other side the stone wobbles. If you got a chain reaction you get more
points. How much points you get (and why) is shown on the left side of
the screen.

To get the 2x2 squares you have to change stones. You always switch two
stones around a third one "in the middle". There are 3 modes to switch
two stones, configurable in the settings. In the normal mode you just
press the shown buttons to switch the stones under the buttons.
E.g. on the GCW Zero X and Y switches the stone left of your cursor with the
stone above your cursor.
In the second mode named "Snake" you move with 3 Cursors like a Snake
and the Tail and the Head switch if you press A, B, X or Y.
The last and newest mode named "Padmode" is a bit
experimental, but a lot of people seem to like it. You have to press A, B,
X or Y, hold it down (!) and with the D-Pad choose a stone to switch.

[ 3. Compo4all ]

Puzzletube is compatibly to compo4all. That means, if puzzletube finds a
c4a-prof file, which is created by compo4all manager or Mini-C4A, it commits
scores to an online highscore system (called "Compo4all").

[ 4. Custom Music ]

If you don't like the ingame music of puzzletube, you can mute it and use a
player of your choice in background or just fill the music folder (if it not
exist, create it) with your custom music, which will played ingame instead.

[ 5. How to contact? ]

Website: http://ziz.gp2x.de
E-Mail: alex.matthes@web.de (fuck you google mail!)
If you are English speaking feel free to write about Puzzletube in one
of these boards:
http://www.gp32x.com/board/index.php?/topic/59408-riot-puzzletube-searching-allies/page__pid__963687__st__15&#entry963687
http://boards.openpandora.org/index.php?/topic/3326-riot-puzzletube-searching-allies/
If you are German speaking this board could be interesting for you, too:
http://forum.gp2x.de/viewtopic.php?f=7&t=12150

[ 6. Font license ]

The font "CabinCondensed-Regular.ttf" is distributed under the following license:

<Start of the font license>

Copyright (c) 2011, Pablo Impallari (www.impallari.com|impallari@gmail.com),
Copyright (c) 2011, Igino Marini. (www.ikern.com|mail@iginomarini.com),
with Reserved Font Names "Cabin" and "Cabin Condensed".
This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.
This license is copied below, and is also available with a FAQ at:
http://scripts.sil.org/OFL


-----------------------------------------------------------
SIL OPEN FONT LICENSE Version 1.1 - 26 February 2007
-----------------------------------------------------------

PREAMBLE
The goals of the Open Font License (OFL) are to stimulate worldwide
development of collaborative font projects, to support the font creation
efforts of academic and linguistic communities, and to provide a free and
open framework in which fonts may be shared and improved in partnership
with others.

The OFL allows the licensed fonts to be used, studied, modified and
redistributed freely as long as they are not sold by themselves. The
fonts, including any derivative works, can be bundled, embedded, 
redistributed and/or sold with any software provided that any reserved
names are not used by derivative works. The fonts and derivatives,
however, cannot be released under any other type of license. The
requirement for fonts to remain under this license does not apply
to any document created using the fonts or their derivatives.

DEFINITIONS
"Font Software" refers to the set of files released by the Copyright
Holder(s) under this license and clearly marked as such. This may
include source files, build scripts and documentation.

"Reserved Font Name" refers to any names specified as such after the
copyright statement(s).

"Original Version" refers to the collection of Font Software components as
distributed by the Copyright Holder(s).

"Modified Version" refers to any derivative made by adding to, deleting,
or substituting -- in part or in whole -- any of the components of the
Original Version, by changing formats or by porting the Font Software to a
new environment.

"Author" refers to any designer, engineer, programmer, technical
writer or other person who contributed to the Font Software.

PERMISSION & CONDITIONS
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of the Font Software, to use, study, copy, merge, embed, modify,
redistribute, and sell modified and unmodified copies of the Font
Software, subject to the following conditions:

1) Neither the Font Software nor any of its individual components,
in Original or Modified Versions, may be sold by itself.

2) Original or Modified Versions of the Font Software may be bundled,
redistributed and/or sold with any software, provided that each copy
contains the above copyright notice and this license. These can be
included either as stand-alone text files, human-readable headers or
in the appropriate machine-readable metadata fields within text or
binary files as long as those fields can be easily viewed by the user.

3) No Modified Version of the Font Software may use the Reserved Font
Name(s) unless explicit written permission is granted by the corresponding
Copyright Holder. This restriction only applies to the primary font name as
presented to the users.

4) The name(s) of the Copyright Holder(s) or the Author(s) of the Font
Software shall not be used to promote, endorse or advertise any
Modified Version, except to acknowledge the contribution(s) of the
Copyright Holder(s) and the Author(s) or with their explicit written
permission.

5) The Font Software, modified or unmodified, in part or in whole,
must be distributed entirely under this license, and must not be
distributed under any other license. The requirement for fonts to
remain under this license does not apply to any document created
using the Font Software.

TERMINATION
This license becomes null and void if any of the above conditions are
not met.

DISCLAIMER
THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT
OF COPYRIGHT, PATENT, TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE FONT SOFTWARE OR FROM
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE FONT SOFTWARE.

<End of the font license>
